Feat/improve os setup (#57)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/getting-started/setup-macos.md

```

You will also need to make sure `xcode` is installed.

```
$ xcode-select --install
```

> ### NodeJS Runtime and Package Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node.js Runtime and Package Manager
```

> We recommend using nvm to manage your NodeJS runtime. It allows you to easily switch versions and update NodeJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using nvm to manage your Node.js runtime. It allows you to easily switch versions and update Node.js.
```

> nvm is not mandatory and if you already have NodeJS installed, you may skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nvm is not mandatory and if you already have Node.js installed, you may skip this section.
```

```sh
$ curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.35.2/install.sh | bash
```

<Alert type="info" title="Note">
We have audited this bash script, and it does what it says it is supposed to do. Nevertheless, before blindly curl-bashing a script, it is always wise to look at it first. Here is the file as a mere <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.35.2/install.sh" target="_blank">download link</a>.
</Alert>

> Once nvm is installed, close and reopen your terminal, then install latest NodeJS and npm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once nvm is installed, close and reopen your terminal, then install latest Node.js and npm:
```
